[doc] Adjust the data file section of the Quick Start chapter and rearrange the file classification (#7978)
apache/iotdb: docs/UserGuide/QuickStart/Files.md

The data in IoTDB is divided into three categories, namely data files, system files, and pre-write log files.

## Data Files
> under directory basedir/data/

Data files store all the data that the user wrote to IoTDB, which contains TsFile and other files. TsFile storage directory can be configured with the `data_dirs` configuration item (see [file layer](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) for details). Other files can be configured through [data_dirs](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) configuration item (see [Engine Layer](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) for details).

In order to support users' storage requirements such as disk space expansion better, IoTDB supports multiple file directories storage methods for TsFile storage configuration. Users can set multiple storage paths as data storage locations( see [data_dirs](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) configuration item), and you can specify or customize the directory selection strategy (see [multi_dir_strategy](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) configuration item for details).

### TsFile

> > under directory data/sequence or unsequence/{StorageGroupName}/{TimePartitionId}/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> under directory data/sequence or unsequence/{DatabaseName}/{DataRegionId}/{TimePartitionId}/
```

    + modification file
    + record delete operation

### TsFileResource
1. {TsFileName}.tsfile.resource
    + descriptor and statistic file of a TsFile
  

## System files

System files include schema files, which store metadata information of data in IoTDB. It can be configured through the `base_dir` configuration item (see [System Layer](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) for details).

### MetaData Related Files
> under directory basedir/system/schema

#### Meta
1. mlog.bin
    + record the meta operation
2. mtree-1.snapshot
    + snapshot of metadata
3. mtree-1.snapshot.tmp
    + temp file, to avoid damaging the snapshot when updating it

#### Tags&Attributes
1. tlog.txt
    + store tags and attributes of each TimeSeries
    + about 700 bytes for each TimeSeries

### Other System Files
#### Version
> under directory basedir/system/database/{DatabaseName}/{TimePartitionId} or upgrade 

1. Version-{version}
    + version file, record the max version in fileName of a storage group

#### Upgrade
> under directory basedir/system/upgrade

1. upgrade.txt
    + record which files have been upgraded

#### Merge
> under directory basedir/system/database/{Database}/

> 1. merge.mods

Reviewer 2: For compaction, temporal file is ends with `.cross` or `.inner`, logs files is ends with `.inner-compaction.log` or `.cross-compaction.log`, mods file is ends with `.inner.mods` or `.cross.mods`.

Author: I've been modified as I understand，could u review again

    + modification file generated during a merge

> 2. merge.log

Reviewer 2: There are also.meta files that are temporary files for metadata during the merge

    + record the progress of a merge
3. tsfile.merge
    + temporary merge result file, an involved sequence tsfile may have one during a merge

#### Authority
> under directory basedir/system/users/
> under directory basedir/system/roles/

#### CompressRatio
> under directory basedir/system/compression_ration
1. Ration-{compressionRatioSum}-{calTimes}
    + record compression ratio of each tsfile
## Pre-write Log Files

Pre-write log files store WAL files. It can be configured through the `wal_dir` configuration item (see [System Layer](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) for details).

> under directory basedir/wal

> 1. {StorageGroupName}-{TsFileName}/wal1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. {DatabaseName}-{TsFileName}/wal1
```

In order to support users' storage requirements such as disk space expansion better, IoTDB supports multiple file directories storage methods for TsFile storage configuration. Users can set multiple storage paths as data storage locations( see [data_dirs](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) configuration item), and you can specify or customize the directory selection strategy (see [multi_dir_strategy](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) configuration item for details).

### TsFile
> under directory data/sequence or unsequence/{DatabaseName}/{DataRegionId}/{TimePartitionId}/

1. {time}-{version}-{inner_compaction_count}-{cross_compaction_count}.tsfile
    + normal data file
2. {TsFileName}.tsfile.mod
    + modification file
    + record delete operation

### TsFileResource
1. {TsFileName}.tsfile.resource
    + descriptor and statistic file of a TsFile
  
### 与合并相关的数据文件
> under directory basedir/data/sequence or unsequence/{DatabaseName}/

> 1. file suffixe with `.cross ` or `.inner`
>     + modification file generated during a merge
> 2. file suffixe with `.inner-compaction.log` or `.cross-compaction.log`
>     + record the progress of a merge
> 3. file suffixe with `.compaction.mods`
>     + temporary files, for storing temporary data
> 4. file suffixe with `.meta`
>     + temporary files of metadata generated during a merge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. file suffixe with `.cross ` or `.inner`
    + temporary files of metadata generated in a compaction task
2. file suffixe with `.inner-compaction.log` or `.cross-compaction.log`
    + record the progress of a compaction task
3. file suffixe with `.compaction.mods`
    + modification file generated during a compaction task
4. file suffixe with `.meta`
    + temporary files of metadata generated during a merge
```

The data in IoTDB is divided into three categories, namely data files, system files, and pre-write log files.

## Data Files
> under directory basedir/data/

Data files store all the data that the user wrote to IoTDB, which contains TsFile and other files. TsFile storage directory can be configured with the `data_dirs` configuration item (see [file layer](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) for details). Other files can be configured through [data_dirs](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) configuration item (see [Engine Layer](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) for details).

In order to support users' storage requirements such as disk space expansion better, IoTDB supports multiple file directories storage methods for TsFile storage configuration. Users can set multiple storage paths as data storage locations( see [data_dirs](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) configuration item), and you can specify or customize the directory selection strategy (see [multi_dir_strategy](../Reference/DataNode-Config-Manual.md) configuration item for details).

### TsFile
> under directory data/sequence or unsequence/{StorageGroupName}/{TimePartitionId}/

> 1. {time}-{version}-{mergeCnt}.tsfile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. {time}-{version}-{inner_compaction_count}-{cross_compaction_count}.tsfile
```

    + normal data file
2. {TsFileName}.tsfile.mod
    + modification file
    + record delete operation

### TsFileResource
1. {TsFileName}.tsfile.resource
    + descriptor and statistic file of a TsFile
2. {TsFileName}.tsfile.resource.temp
    + temp file
    + avoid damaging the tsfile.resource when updating it

> 3. {TsFileName}.tsfile.resource.closing

Reviewer: no more this file
